So, my question is about "crazy wisdom." Of course, this word comes up a lot, not only in his sadh
ana, but in Buddhism.
And I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more about what "crazy wisdom" is. Is it
similar to the wrathful emanations? Is it distinct?
And also too, maybe this question goes into devotion as well. How do we as students relate to the "
crazy wisdom" that's trying to benefit us?
Okay, "crazy wisdom" means that that means that individuals who are performing those activities is,
I mean, quite good enlightened, really high enlightened, quite high enlightened.
As those, for example, those thetums, mere yogis. So, that means wisdom. That means wisdom yogis.
Now, their activities become, let it be, regularities in the normal conceptual levels. That's what
then is named "crazy wisdom."
Because in our common conceptual level, in the common kind of tradition and system, their
activities become regularities.
But, therefore, it's called "crazy wisdom activities." But, however, when they relate truly "crazy
wisdom" activity, that is not going to hurt anyone.
It certainly is inspiring, inspiring, deepening their devotion, deepening their meditation,
deepening their practices, and deepening their understanding of the meaning or teaching of the
Dharma.
That activity is known as "crazy wisdom activities."
Ever activity and something that is named as "crazy wisdom activity" yet is hurting someone,
disturbing someone, and is not really benefiting anyone, is against with the teaching.
That is even named as "crazy wisdom activity." It's not "crazy wisdom activity," just using that
terminology.
So, it's not "crazy wisdom activities," activities. So, that is really the difference.
And that is, for example, "Gurubhe Masambha" is many activities named as "crazy wisdom activities."
"Gurubhe Masambha" activity is old, there is nothing really hurting anyone, and it is inspired, it
is developed, those practices are highly enlightened status.
And so, therefore, it is truly "crazy wisdom activities."